[STRAT-5744]| Added Warning for breaking changes in Hubspot for referring custom object Types by base names. (#7578)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-hubspot-cloud/index.md

When you use the HubSpot Cloud Mode (Actions) destination, Segment sends your data to [HubSpot's REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/overview){:target="_blank"}.

> warning ""

> > As of April 29, 2025, HubSpot will no longer support referencing custom object types by their base names. Instead, all custom objects must be referenced using their short-hand custom object type name, `fullyQualifiedName`, or `objectTypeId`. To avoid issues, update the following fields accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of April 29, 2025, HubSpot no longer supports referencing custom object types by their base names. Instead, you must reference all custom objects by using their short-hand custom object type name, `fullyQualifiedName`, or `objectTypeId`. To avoid issues, update the following fields:
```

> > As of April 29, 2025, HubSpot will no longer support referencing custom object types by their base names. HubSpot mandates that custom objects should be referenced by short-hand custom object type name, fullyQualifiedName, or objectTypeId. To avoid issues, ensure the following fields are updated accordingly:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> As of April 29, 2025, HubSpot will no longer support referencing custom object types by their base names. Instead, all custom objects must be referenced using their short-hand custom object type name, `fullyQualifiedName`, or `objectTypeId`. To avoid issues, update the following fields accordingly:
```

>
>- **Object Type** and **ObjectType to associate** in the **Upsert Custom Object Record** action

> >- **Object Type** field in the **Custom Event V2** action
> >- **Object Type** and **To Object Type** fields in the **Custom Object V2** action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- **Object Type** in the **Custom Event V2** action
>- **Object Type** and **To Object Type** in the **Custom Object V2** action
```

> >- **Object Type** and **ObjectType to associate** in **Upsert Custom Object Record** action
> >- **Object Type** field in **Custom Event V2** action
> >- **Object Type** and **To Object Type** fields in **Custom Object V2** action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- **Object Type** and **ObjectType to associate** in the **Upsert Custom Object Record** action
>- **Object Type** field in the **Custom Event V2** action
>- **Object Type** and **To Object Type** fields in the **Custom Object V2** action
```

>

> > For further details, please refer to the official HubSpot documentation [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For further details, refer to the official [HubSpot documentation](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name).
```

> > For further details, please refer to the official HubSpot documentation [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For further details, refer to the [HubSpot documentation](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name).
```

> warning ""
> **Behavioral Events (Legacy)** are only supported with [Hubspot Classic Destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/hubspot/).

> > warning ""
> > After April 29, 2025, HubSpot will no longer support referrals to custom object types by their base name.
> > If you use **Upsert Custom Object Record** ensure you have selected **Object Type** and **ObjectType to associate** field from dropdown.
> > If you use **Custom Event V2** , ensure you have selected **Object Type** field from dropdown. 
> > If you use **Custom Object V2** , ensure you have selected **Object Type** and **To Object Type** field from dropdown. 
> > For More information, refer to hubspot documentation [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name)
> 

Reviewer 3: Does this look good?

```suggestion
> As of April 29, 2025, HubSpot will no longer support referencing custom object types by their  > base names. HubSpot mandates that custom objects should be referenced by shorthand name, fully > qualified name, or object type ID. To avoid issues, ensure the following fields are updated 
> accordingly:
>
>- **Object Type** and **ObjectType to associate** in **Upsert Custom Object Record** action
>- **Object Type** field in **Custom Event V2** action
>- **Object Type** and **To Object Type** fields in **Custom Object V2** action
>
> For further details, please refer to the official HubSpot documentation [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/changelog/breaking-change-removed-support-for-referencing-custom-object-types-by-base-name).
```
